PAY-5859: Payment Services drop-in documentation for Summit (#170)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/payment-methods.mdx

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

> The `PaymentMethods` container is designed to manage and display the available payment methods during the checkout process. You can configure it to decide whether the container should not set the payment method automatically when it is selected (for instance because it needs more information provided by the payment method during the place order action) and provide specific handlers to the payment methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PaymentMethods` container is designed to manage and display the available payment methods during the checkout process. You can configure it to decide whether the container sets the payment method automatically when it is selected. (Additional information from the payment method might be needed for the place order action). The container also provides specific handlers to the payment methods.
```

## PaymentMethods configurations

The `PaymentMethods` container provides the following configuration options implementing the `PaymentMethodsProps` interface:

<OptionsTable
  compact
  options={[
    ['Option', 'Type', 'Req?', 'Description'],

>     ['setOnChange', 'object', 'No', 'Object with a list of "[key: string]: boolean". Only if a payment method is specifically set to false, the container will not automatically set the payment method to the cart when selected. By default, the container takes an empty object.'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ['setOnChange', 'object', 'No', 'Object with a list of "[key: string]: boolean" values. If a payment method is explicitly set to false, the container does not automatically set the payment method to the cart when selected. By default, the container takes an empty object.'],
```

    ['slots', 'object', 'No', 'Object with a list of "Handlers" for existing payment methods.'],
  ]}
/>

### PaymentMethodsProps interface

> The `PaymentMethods` container receives an object as parameter which implements the `PaymentMethodsProps` interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PaymentMethods` container receives an object as 
 a parameter that implements the `PaymentMethodsProps` interface:
```

```ts
export interface PaymentMethodsProps extends HTMLAttributes<HTMLDivElement> {
  setOnChange?: { [key: string]: boolean };
  slots?: {
    Handlers?: PaymentMethodHandlerSlots;
  };
}
```

> The `slots` parameter is an object with the following fields:

Reviewer: There's only one field. Delete this line

### Handlers field

List of payment method codes providing a handler to be executed when the payment method is selected.

```ts
export type SlotProps<T = any> = (
  ctx: T & DefaultSlotContext<T>,
  element: HTMLDivElement | null
) => Promise<void> | void;

export interface PaymentMethodHandlerSlotContext {
  cartId: string;
  replaceHTML: (domElement: HTMLElement) => void;
}

export interface PaymentMethodHandlerSlots {
  [code: string]: SlotProps<PaymentMethodHandlerSlotContext>;
}
```

> ## Example 1: Available payment methods without customization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 1: Render available payment methods without customization
```

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

The `PaymentMethods` container is designed to manage and display the available payment methods during the checkout process. You can configure it to decide whether the container should not set the payment method automatically when it is selected (for instance because it needs more information provided by the payment method during the place order action) and provide specific handlers to the payment methods.

## PaymentMethods configurations

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

import { render as CheckoutProvider } from '@dropins/storefront-checkout/render.js';

const $paymentMethods = checkoutFragment.querySelector(
  '.checkout__payment-methods',
);

CheckoutProvider.render(PaymentMethods)($paymentMethods),
```

> ## Example 2: How to use the `setOnChange` configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 2: Render with the `setOnChange` configuration
```

```ts
import PaymentMethods from '@dropins/storefront-checkout/containers/PaymentMethods.js';
import { render as CheckoutProvider } from '@dropins/storefront-checkout/render.js';

import 'https://js.braintreegateway.com/web/dropin/1.43.0/js/dropin.min.js';

const $paymentMethods = checkoutFragment.querySelector(
  '.checkout__payment-methods',
);

let braintreeInstance;

CheckoutProvider.render(PaymentMethods, {
  setOnChange: {
    braintree: false,
  },
  slots: {
    Handlers: {
      braintree: async (ctx) => {
        const container = document.createElement('div');

        window.braintree.dropin.create({
          authorization: 'sandbox_cstz6tw9_sbj9bzvx2ngq77n4',
          container,
        }, (err, dropinInstance) => {
          if (err) {
            console.error(err);
          }

          braintreeInstance = dropinInstance;
        });

        ctx.replaceHTML(container);
      },
    },
  },
})($paymentMethods),
```

> ## Example 3: How to customize a payment method using the `slots.Methods` configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 3: Customize a payment method using the `slots.Methods` configuration
```
